you want to get a magic number when you
gotta ask for what you want you know
they go he really loved me he'd know
what I want
no he won't tell him ask for what you
want number two you got to ask more than
once asking a man to do something once
is like never haven't asked him to do it
at all you need to ask the right way no
don't insult him what's the matter you
idiot l'énergie dude is it you that's
not helpful
number four training training with
positive River I'm giving you like an
hour's talk here in about 45 seconds get
the DVD train
trading with positive reinforcement what
do you mean man love to be appreciated
like you all desire to be loved men
desire to be appreciated and watch the
women with great marriages what listen
to the way she talks in the other ones
who are always saying to the husband
thank you ain't gonna do that yeah how's
your person working for you
and then the fifth one barber with him
of women hate that it's very simple you
find something he wants to do you got
something you want him to do for you you
just say hey would you like to do this
thing you would like to do yeah well
they do this for me and you can do that
waiting for everybody all right so
anyway so I found the dumbest class of
all time you guys it was called Zumba
are you can Wisconsin nobody from
Wisconsin or me needs to be in the Zumba
okay I don't know okay seriously I don't
have Zumba is sexy Latino dancing all
right I don't have anyone to channel I
don't have an inner JLo or an inner
Charo all right
really cute young girl and you're like
what is a Charo do you eat
I know he's liquor I don't know Charo of
like googling all right good good I
don't have an inner Charl and so I'm in
Zumba that sexy teachers like shake what
your mama gave you shake what your mama
gave ya and I'm in the background boy my
mama gave me allergies and satanic cock
all right
how do you shake my self-esteem issues